git@github.com:phingofficial/task-analyzers.git analyzer src/Phing/Task/Analyzer
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-apigen.git apigen src/Phing/Task/ApiGen
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-archives.git archives src/Phing/Task/Archive
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-aws.git aws src/Phing/Task/Aws
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-coverage.git coverage src/Phing/Task/Coverage
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-dbdeploy.git dbdeploy src/Phing/Task/DbDeploy
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-ftpdeploy.git ftpdeploy src/Phing/Task/FtpDeploy
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-git.git git src/Phing/Task/Git
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-hg.git hg src/Phing/Task/Hg
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-http.git http src/Phing/Task/Http
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-inifile.git inifile src/Phing/Task/IniFile
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-ioncube.git ioncube src/Phing/Task/Ioncube
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-jshint.git jshint src/Phing/Task/JsHint
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-jsmin.git jsmin src/Phing/Task/JsMin
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-liquibase.git liquibase src/Phing/Task/Liquibase
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-phkpackage.git phkpackage src/Phing/Task/PhkPackage
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-phpdoc.git phpdoc src/Phing/Task/PhpDoc
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-phpunit.git phpunit src/Phing/Task/PhpUnit
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-sass.git sass src/Phing/Task/Sass
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-smarty.git smarty src/Phing/Task/Smarty
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-ssh.git ssh src/Phing/Task/Ssh
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-svn.git svn src/Phing/Task/Svn
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-visualizer.git visualizer src/Phing/Task/Visualizer
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-zendcodeanalyser.git zendcodeanalyser src/Phing/Task/ZendCodeAnalyser
git@github.com:phingofficial/task-zendserverdeploymenttool.git zendserverdeploymenttool src/Phing/Task/ZendServerDeploymentTool
